Bad moon is dangerous
Shangguan Yue can't last long
Up to half the time to log out
Qingyun Sword Sect is ours
I want this feng shui treasure
Don't rob me
Yeah.
Let go of me!
It smells so good.
Anyway, you Qiong Yunjian will soon be my domineering
Why don't you follow me?
I will definitely make him reluctant
You let me go
Toast without penalty
Then don't blame me for being rude.
I will rectify you on the spot now
I see why you are so stubborn
master
The secret method of burning souls at the cost of burning and modifying lives
Forcibly upgrade the cultivation base
Remember not to use it unless you have to
I'm passing it on to you now
Your life and mine
For sacrifice
Wanjian conversion
Heaven and earth live together
Soul Burning Secret
This is the soul burning secret art
How could he use that ugly woman's swordsmanship?
Come with me on the road
Stop
swallow
Leave it to me